# TSC-efficiency
## Dataset
TCGA BRCA (breast cancer) from [Xena](https://xenabrowser.net/datapages/?dataset=survival%2FBRCA_survival.txt&host=https%3A%2F%2Ftcga.xenahubs.net&removeHub=https%3A%2F%2Fxena.treehouse.gi.ucsc.edu%3A443)

## Description to the data
>Overall survival (OS) is an important endpoint, with the advantage that there is minimal ambiguity in defining an OS event (Hudis et al., 2007; Punt et al., 2007); the patient is either alive or dead. However, using OS as an endpoint may weaken a clinical study as deaths because of non-cancer causes do not necessarily reflect tumor biology, aggressiveness, or responsiveness to therapy. Using OS or disease-specific survival (DSS) demands longer follow-up times; thus, in many clinical trials, disease-free interval (DFI) or progression-free interval (PFI) are used (Hudis et al., 2007; Punt et al., 2007; https://wiki.nci.nih.gov/plugins/servlet/mobile#content/view/24279961). The minimum follow-up time for these endpoints is shorter because patients generally develop disease recurrence or progression before dying of their disease. Selection of a specific survival endpoint also depends on the study goal. For example, a clinical trial testing the effect of a drug’s ability to delay or prevent cancer progression would use PFI as the most appropriate endpoint. With specific regard to the analysis of available TCGA clinical data, it is important to realize that short-term clinical follow-up intervals favor outcome analyses in more aggressive cancer types, which are likely to observe events within a couple of years. Studies with less aggressive cancer types, in which patients relapse only after many years or even decades, may not observe enough events during their follow-up intervals to support reliable outcome determinations. The intent of this analysis is to examine the relative strengths and weaknesses of the TCGA pan-cancer clinical outcome measures to guide future analyses and avoid pitfalls such as insufficient follow-up intervals.
